[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>It's real easy to see how
those five shapes are connected
through crystalline structures.
It's just because they are
so obviously related to it.
But when you look at an organic
structure like this fetus
of this baby, or yourself in
the mirror, or a tree, or a bug,
or something like this,
and I said to you,
the same five structures
are creating those shapes,
and just as much as in the
crystalline structures--
I mean, it just
doesn't look like.
You don't see any
geometry in there.
Organic chemistry tends
to be soft and curvy
and doesn't have
any straight lines
and all this kind of stuff.
We don't see where
any of this is,
so it just doesn't seem
like it's possible.
And until you look
very, very carefully--
because hidden in
organic chemistry
is all these very things
that we just saw in crystals.
In order to do that, we're going
to begin to look at conception.
We're going to start at
the very, very beginning
of human life and work
our way out from there.
And in conception,
the conceptual process
I'm about to show-- though we're
going to be talking about it
in terms of humans-- will
apply to all life forms known.
That's A-L-L, underlined.
All of them.
The entire spectrum of life
on this planet that we know of
will all move through
these same exact steps
in the same exact way.
Though we will be
talking about humans.
So we'll begin with-- the
process begins with a sphere,
the first sacred form.
The ovum is a round ball.
It's a really round ball.
It's not kind of round
or sort of round.
It's perfectly round.
Looks like the moon,
if you could see--
You take a chicken
egg, I always say
that, when you hard
boil it, you take
the yolk out of the middle.
Have you ever done that?
And you look at it?
It's really round.
That's the most
female form there is.
And so the female
chose that shape.
If it was the male
that had the womb,
it would probably be a cube.
[LAUGHTER]
So this is a sea urchin ovum,
with a little sea urchin
sperm on there.
At least, I hope so.
So it begins as a sphere.
Now, the membrane of the ovum
is called the zona pellucida.
Remember the word
zona pellucida,
because I'm going to refer
to it a whole bunch of times,
which is just the membrane
of the first cell.
And inside the zona
pellucida there
are these two little bodies
that are called polar bodies.
And they're embedded
inside the membrane.
And then in here's a liquid.
And inside that liquid
is another sphere,
which is called the
female pronucleus.
And it contains 22
plus 1 chromosome.
I always say plus 1,
because the other one
is the one that determines sex.
I should really just
say 23 chromosomes.
The process that I'm going
to describe-- mitosis
is what it's called, cell
division-- is going to begin.
If this was the ovum
here, this little sphere,
the cells that are
going to divide
are going to get
littler and littler
and littler inside of it.
But the outer surface
of the zona pellucida
is going to remain fixed.
It doesn't change size.
OK?
That's kind of an
important part of this,
which you'll see later.
And the ovum-- which
you can actually
see with the naked eye--
it's 200 times bigger
than the average
cell on the body.
You could see it
without a microscope.
It's the only one you can.
This is huge, huge single
cell that, again, the division
will get smaller and
smaller and smaller
inside it until it reaches
512 cells, at which point
the average size of the human
cell will have been reached.
And so the process
first goes within itself
to figure out how it's done.
And then it turns around
and expands beyond itself.
This is even in the geometry.
Here is the ovum
saturated with the sperm.
You probably read in
your books that it takes
one sperm to conceive a baby.
And now they've known
actually for some time now,
with the use of electron
microscopes, that that's not
true.
That was only a partial truth.
The whole truth is
that it takes 10, 11,
or 12 sperm that join around
the 11th, 12th, or 13th sperm,
which form some kind
of energy package
that allow that one
single sperm to go in.
The single sperm cannot go
through there by itself.
It needs these other
10 or 11 or 12 guys
to be able to get him through.
And it's my belief that this is
exactly what Jesus was doing.
Jesus came to a round
ball called the Earth,
and he gathered up 12
males called his disciples,
which he absolutely had to
have to do what he had to do.
And with their energies allowed
him to penetrate into the earth
to create a new consciousness.
And so much is this
analogy kind of true
that even as you
watch the shapes that
are formed, at one point,
this will become a cube,
as you'll see here
a little later.
And we did exactly that thing.
Our consciousness prior to Jesus
saw the earth as being round.
And then we went to the
point, in the area where
it was conceived in, in
Europe, and went to the point
where we saw the earth as
being flat and cubicle.
And then it stayed that
way for a period of time.
And then Copernicus came
along and turned it back
into being round again.
And that's exactly what happens.
It starts out as being
round, it turns into a cube,
and it goes back to
being round again.
So anyway, make up
your own mind on that.
I don't know.
These kinds of things
are hard to say for sure.
So anyway, it
definitely, though,
does take 10, 11, or 12 sperm
to allow this one to go in.
And he enters in and begin
swimming toward to pronucleus.
The next thing that
happens is the tail
breaks off of that little
head and just disappears.
Just "voop," It goes away.
And the little, tiny head
expands out very quickly
and becomes a perfect
sphere, exactly the same size
as the female pronucleus.
This exactly the same
size is very important,
I believe, judging by what
I know about the geometries,
because the next motion is that
they merge through each other
and form the vesica
piscis, the image
of the first day of genesis.
So at this moment, they
contain all the knowledge
of the universe between them
by their very geometries.
And they can't form
that perfect image
unless the male is
identical to her.
And I have a belief
here, though there's
no scientific basis on it.
Just as each person in
this room would penetrate
into the darkness a
certain distance-- so
our natural abilities, we
have a different size sphere
around each one of us-- I
think each one of these sperm
also has a different size sphere
around them that she can sense.
And I don't think
that she's going
to allow any of these guys
in here unless they have
the perfect size, unless
the resonance of that sphere
is identical to hers.
And for this reason,
I think there
could be a male and a female
that could try all they want
and never have a baby, because
if their spherical sizes
of their natures
are too different,
they won't correspond,
because it's
so obvious to me from this fact
here that this must take place.
And then on the very next
step that happens after that,
they merge right through each
other and become a single cell.
And they contain the
46 chromosomes of life.
This is called the human
zygote and is the first cell
of the human body.
There it is.
That's a mouse, though.
Doesn't look like one, does it?
It's starting to go
to number two there.
There's the fertilized
egg of a mouse.
That's an electron
microscope view of one.
The next thing that happens
is the two little polar bodies
migrate, and they
find a place that
is north/south, which I believe
lines up with mommy/daddy,
with mommy, rather.
They tune to her field.
And from the north, and I
believe it's from the north,
a tube runs down to the south
and just sort of appears
out of nowhere very quickly.
It's a little thread.
Actually, I don't
show it here, but it's
attached to the top and bottom,
a tube right down the center.
And then the chromosomes
of the first cell
break in half and line up along
that tube, half on one side
and half on the other.
And what you have
here right now is--
as you see the electromagnetic
fields of your own body
later-- you can see that this is
really an abstract view of you
when you're an adult.
You can see you have a
north and a south pole.
You're going to realize that
you have a tube down the middle,
that you have a sphere
of energy around that,
and that half of you is on
one side and half of you's
on the other side.
It's really, very close to
what the ultimate end will be.
Though the actual
dimensions of your body
are also about to be
contained in here,
the actual precise dimensions
of the adult human.
It takes a couple more steps
here before that takes place.
So the next thing that happens
is you then go from one cell
to two.
And there's the mouse egg
again, showing that they've
taken off the zona pellucida.
So the other two
cells are like that.
Now, it then goes
from two to four.
Most of your books,
it shows this.
They didn't really know for
a long time what happens.
So they usually just put them
in a square or something that.
They didn't know
what shape it took.
But now they do know.
And the shape is that it forms
a tetrahedron, where the four
cells line up on the
points, the four points,
of this tetrahedron and lined
up with the north/south.
It could be the
other way around too.
You got three of them up
here and one down here.
Now, to show you
that using geometry,
this would be the zona pellucida
here, the inner surface of it.
And these are the
four cells lining up
like that, which is the tightest
compact way that you can
get four cells into a sphere.
And this would be
a top view, if you
were looking down from below.
It would be like putting
three and one more stacked
in the middle.
So if you connected
the centers together,
you'd get a tetrahedron.
And this is an actual view
of a tetrahedronal mouse egg.
Here's your first cell,
your second, your third.
And this back here, over
here, is the fourth one.
Don't look at this one here yet.
If you went across here,
you'd get a triangle.
And if you ran those triangles
over to this other one,
this back over here, the bigger
one, you'd get a tetrahedron.
This is beginning to
go to the next step.
It's real hard for them to get--
this thing is going so fast.
It's very hard for them to get
it exactly at the proper stage.
So now you have you.
You exist as a tetrahedron.
And the next thing that happens,
it goes from four to eight.
And what it does is it forms
another tetrahedron, facing
the other way, and forms a
star tetrahedron, like this,
so that the eight cells are on
there, which looks like this.
It forms the egg of life,
the second sacred form that
came out of the second
rotation of genesis.
This is what you would see.
This particular level of
life, according to the angels,
is one of the most
important stages
of development of
organic chemistry,
or of human beings
or anything else.
Every life form passes through
the stage, flies, everything
else, even mosquitoes.
They all go through it.
And they all end up looking
like these eight little spheres.
And what science knows about
this is that, first of all,
they can't tell any difference
between these spheres.
They appear to be
absolutely identical.
It would be like eight
identical twins in the room.
They can't see any
differences at all.
They can't detect any
And though usually you can tell
the difference between cell
and another, they can't on this
one at all, not at this level.
And they've found that they can
sever the bonds of this, right
between these two, and get
two of these like that,
and get two identical beings.
Or they can sever the
bonds this way and this way
and make four identical beings.
I don't know-- in
works I've read,
I haven't seen
them do this yet--
but theoretically they
could sever this in three
different ways and make
eight, though I don't
know anybody that's done that.
And what the angels
say is that these eight
cells, first of
all, are immortal,
relative to your body.
They remain with
your body as long
as your body is alive, unless
something terrible happens
to that part of your body.
It may get blown away.
I don't know what that
really means, spiritually.
But they'll remain in your body.
Most of the cells in your
body will be regenerated.
They die, and new
ones are formed
every five to seven years.
So every five to
seven years, depending
on what your cycle is, you
completely replace your body
with a brand new body.
But these cells stay there from
day one all the way to the end.
They never die.
That's not science saying that.
Science doesn't know
where they're located.
And the angels also say the
precise location of them
is down near the
base of the spine,
and that it's straight
underneath the perineum,
going up from there.
And a short distance up from
underneath in there, up inside
of there is where
they're located,
which happens to be
the geometrical center
of your body.
If you were to measure
your body from that point,
the base of your spine
to the top of your head,
and then from that
base down to the bottom
of your feet, same distance.
It's exactly the same.
That is, if you take 100
people and measure it.
You might be a little
longer, and you
might have short legs,
or something like that.
And they said that this is
closer to who you really are,
though it may seem
kind of funny.
They said it's really more
who you really, is these eight
spheres.
At one point I'm going to
talk about Egyptian Tantra.
We have eight
aspects to ourselves.
It's the reason why there's
eight electrical circuits
moving through our body.
There's eight totally
different aspects to our cells.
And we have eight different,
completely, totally different
lives associated with our cells,
according to Egyptian Tantra.
At the right time, I will
talk about this more.
We need to lay out more before
I can really get into that.
But their concepts of Tantra
and life and everything
was real far more expanded
than Hindu or Tibetan or Taoist
or any of these other ways.
So anyway, this is one
of the stages of it.
And it's the egg of
life, first pattern
that we're talking about.
We're going to back to it
and talk about it many, many,
many times more again.
It then goes from 8 to 16.
This is the view of
that, those eight cells.
This is one edge of it.
This is a hexagonal,
aerial view of those eight
cells packed in there.
This is the electron
microscope view of that.
It's starting to
twist a little bit.
This one doesn't count.
There's one, two,
three, four, five, six.
There'd be seven, eight.
They would form a cube in there.
That's the other thing.
The start, this thing, is
the same as this thing.
Everybody sees that, don't you?
Which is a cube, also.
So they go from tetrahedronal to
star tetrahedronal to cubicle.
And then, at that
point, it goes to eight.
And this little guy forms one
out on the edge of each one.
Let me see if there's--
I didn't put it in there.
But it first becomes
a cube within a cube.
One goes out here,
on the other edge.
Just like that comes
out of Metatron's Cube.
That cube comes out as
a cube within a cube,
and it forms a
cube within a cube.
And then that's the last
time it gets symmetrical.
Because if you make one of
those models, which I've done,
you go to 8, then you go to 16.
Then you take 16 more, and
you put them in symmetrically,
only there's two
places left over.
No matter how you do it,
there's two empty spots.
And so then you go to
32, and you take 32,
and you fill in those
two spots, and you
try to make it symmetrical,
it just starts going funny.
And that's exactly
what happens in life.
[LAUGHTER]
The little perfect cube
forms a cube within a cube,
and then it starts
doing this funny thing,
and it starts becoming
a blob like this.
And the blob starts
growing in such a way
that it becomes hollow and turns
into a sphere, a hollow sphere.
And then, at the north
and the south pole,
led by probably
the eight cells--
is what I suspect--
a tube begins
to drop down through the
middle and go down and connect
to the south one, like this.
This is an actual
electron microscope of it.
This is it the hollow ball.
At this point, there's
512 cells in here.
And it's a torus,
by the way, too.
The [INAUDIBLE] becomes this,
and this toroidal pattern
forms down through the center
and forms this structure
through the middle.
And you have a structure that
is identical to an apple.
It looks just like one, only
it's hollow in the middle.
Can you see this core
running through here?
They've ripped this apart so
you could see inside of there.
And what then happens
is this opening
here becomes your mouth.
The other end becomes your anus.
All that's inside
of this core becomes
your internal structure,
when your organs are.
These become your lung
structures in here,
where this is.
And this is the last time that
we have everything in common.
In other words, every
life form goes-- just
to recap this--
every life form goes
from a sphere to a tetrahedron,
to a star tetrahedron,
to a cube made in the
form of this one here.
Then from a cube it
turns back into a sphere
again, and then becomes a torus
and the shape of the apple.
All of these are all
these sacred shapes
that we saw out of
Metatron's Cube.
And every living form
known becomes the apple.
And then from the
apple, then it depends.
If it's a fly, little
wings come out.
Or if it's a dog, a little
tail starts wagging.
[LAUGHTER]
Or if it's a horse
it wants to gallop.
Or if it's a person,
we sort of stand there
and wait for it to happen.
[LAUGHTER]
But we all have this in common.
That's why, I really do, I
think, the Bible says the tree,
the fruit tree, that we bit
of in the Bible, the tree
of the knowledge
of good and evil
that got us into this
place in the first place,
was an apple tree.
And the symbology is so
deeply involved in here
that-- The writing of
the Bible and a lot
of these sacred
documents were done
by people on real
high levels that
knew how to talk on a lot of
other levels than just one.
Like the Bible, for example,
what Stan Tenen has found,
not only does the Bible have
a story going through it,
but he's found that every
single letter in the Bible
has deep, mathematical
significance, showing
all the laws of the universe,
how the universe was created.
The very first
line of the Bible,
of the Hebrew Bible--
and he could show you
this-- describes in
detail the Great Pyramid.
Mathematically
describes it in detail.
The first thing.
Lays it all out.
>>In what language?
>>In Hebrew.
And so we're just
not to the place
yet where we're quite
able to function
in those kinds of levels,
where you could read a book
at about 100 different levels.
The Emerald tablets were
written on 100 different levels.
And you can read that
from 100 different levels
of consciousness and read
something totally different
into it, depending on who you
are and the time that you're
reading it.
So we now begin to get the
feel about how the geometry is
a function inside of yourself,
as well as the crystal patterns
and these kinds of things.
This is one of the
informational systems
that we're going
to be talking with.
What I just showed was
the internal structure,
at the beginning of life forms.
And you can see how
this geometry is used.
But we're now going to jump out
to the outer edge of the life
form.
We're going to look at the
electromagnetic fields that
are around the body,
seeing how they correspond
with these inner conceptional
fields inside of there,
so that you can see that
these same shapes are
around your body, as
well as in your body.
And from there, it leads into
some real interesting areas
that we can begin to discuss.